We want to collaborate right now,
let's see how this works.
So for collaboration, we will assume the following -
we are in Power BI service and we have a dataset in there and we want to work on that dataset to create
a dashboard for instance. We could do that on our own
we saw that already but now things change.
Now we want to work together with other people,
our IT friend for instance again on this dashboard. To do this, we have to create the following, an app
workspace. In this app workspace,
we can then connect our Power BI service file to the dataset of the Power BI desktop tool and then work
together on that data and create the dashboards together
for instance. Let's see how this works in the next video.